INSTALLING catdoc 0.91.x

Starting with patchlevel alpha 3 catdoc version 0.90 have autoconf
configuration. Thanks for Stephen Farell to convince me.

So typically you should run
./configure
make
make install

to compile and install catdoc.

NOTE for HPUX users. If you want to compile catdoc with aCC,
use CC="aCC -Ae" ./configure

Configure script for catdoc recognizes following options (apart from
standard --prefix,  --exec-prefix and so on)

--disable-wordview - disables building of Tcl/Tk viewer wordview,
          which requires X11. (note, it would be disabled automatically,
	  if you don't have appropriate version of Tcl/Tk). You may
	  wish to use this if you don't have X installed.

--with-wish=path - specifies path to wish interpreter. This option have
          two uses
	  1. If executable named wish, found in your PATH is old, and
	     you have newer wish installed as wish4.2 or wish8.0, 
	     you should specify this in order to build wordview viewer
	  2. If you are compiling catdoc from telnet connection or 
	     text console, you can specify this option to skip tcl
	     version check, which would run wish and fail if it couldn't
	     find X display (which would lead configure to assume, that
	     you don't have good wish)

--with-input=charset
--with-output=charset
          Allows you to specify charset names to expect in 8-bit word
	  file and to produce as output text file. Do ls ./charsets/*.txt   
	  to find out which charsets are provided in distribution. 
	  Additional charsets can be obtained from 
	  ftp.unicode.org
	  Note that make would fail if you specify charset, which
	  doesn't exist in charset directory.

--disable-charset-check 
          By default, make in charsets directory fails, if it is unable
          to find *.txt files corresponding to default input and output
	  charsets. This option allows you to disable this check. Make
	  in charsets directory would always succeed, but it is your
	  responsibility to provide charset files in catdoc library
	  directory after make install.
--disable-langinfo
	  By default, catdoc tries to use your current locale charset
	  as its output charset. It can be, of cource always overriden
	  by command line switch. But charset from the locale takes
	  precedence over charset in configuration file, unless
	  you put use_locale=no into this file.

	  If your C library is not XPG4-compatible, and configure fails
	  to detect it, you can completely disable langinfo support
	  using this switch.
	  
If you experience strange and unexpected behavoir of catdoc, try to
remove optimization flag (-02) from FLAGS in src/Makefile. 
If you can write autoconf test to check for this problem, please send it
to me.

It was known problem with version 0.35 on HP/UX 9, and I scarcely changed
my style of writing since.


